#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.12
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile
#
cachetools==6.2.1
    # via google-auth
certifi==2025.10.5
    # via requests
charset-normalizer==3.4.4
    # via requests
google-api-core[grpc]==2.26.0
    # via
    #   google-cloud-appengine-logging
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   google-cloud-logging
    #   google-cloud-run
google-auth==2.41.1
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-appengine-logging
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   google-cloud-logging
    #   google-cloud-run
google-cloud-appengine-logging==1.7.0
    # via google-cloud-logging
google-cloud-audit-log==0.4.0
    # via google-cloud-logging
google-cloud-core==2.4.3
    # via google-cloud-logging
google-cloud-logging==3.12.1
    # via -r requirements.in
google-cloud-run==0.11.0
    # via -r requirements.in
googleapis-common-protos[grpc]==1.70.0
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-audit-log
    #   grpc-google-iam-v1
    #   grpcio-status
grpc-google-iam-v1==0.14.3
    # via
    #   google-cloud-logging
    #   google-cloud-run
grpcio==1.75.1
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-appengine-logging
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   grpc-google-iam-v1
    #   grpcio-status
grpcio-status==1.75.1
    # via google-api-core
idna==3.11
    # via requests
importlib-metadata==8.7.0
    # via opentelemetry-api
opentelemetry-api==1.38.0
    # via google-cloud-logging
proto-plus==1.26.1
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-appengine-logging
    #   google-cloud-logging
    #   google-cloud-run
protobuf==6.33.0
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-appengine-logging
    #   google-cloud-audit-log
    #   google-cloud-logging
    #   google-cloud-run
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   grpc-google-iam-v1
    #   grpcio-status
    #   proto-plus
pyasn1==0.6.1
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.4.2
    # via google-auth
requests==2.32.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-api-core
rsa==4.9.1
    # via google-auth
typing-extensions==4.15.0
    # via
    #   grpcio
    #   opentelemetry-api
urllib3==2.5.0
    # via requests
zipp==3.23.0
    # via importlib-metadata
